I didn't used to be able to do this in
fact last year I injured my back so bad
that I couldn't even extend without a
lot of pain here's how I fixed it your
spine is capable of flexion extension
lateral flexion and twisting your job is
to find exercises that you can do in all
of those movements with minimal pain you
can do both flexion and extension right
here
but please don't do it fast the goal is
control and if doing this hurts do a
smaller range of motion to start trust
me healing takes time and do the same
thing with twisting and side bending and
I know it sounds like a lot but you're
going to want to do like 50 reps of each
of those exercises as often as possible
then you can add a little bit of weight
flexion extension lateral flexion and
twisting it literally took me a full
year before I could start training my
back bending again so please take your
time also if you have joint pain and yes
your back is full of joints flexi joints
has a huge sale but only through email
stay flexy